# Surfs Up Analysis Summary
Analysis was completed for 'Surfs Up' start up surf and ice cream shop. Using Python with Pandas, SQLAlchemy, and SQLite modules to query the SQLite data file. The numpy and datetime modules were used as well. The analysis was to support the funding of the start up based on weather patterns on Oahu from several weather stations nearby. Statistical analysis was also provided for different months, times of year, and using specific stations.
## Results (June & December Data Analysis)
DataFrames were created by querying the SQLite file with the SQLAlchemy module to pull all temperature data for the month of june and decemeber, seperately, into a DateFrame. Once queried, the .describe() function was used to better understand the statistical properties of the weather for those months.
    - The mean or average temperature was relatively similar between the months with June being slightly higher. December's average temperature is 71 where as June's average temperature was 74.9.
    - The minimum temperature is significantly colder in December (56) as opposed to June (64). 
    - Max temperature is also very similar with December being 83 degrees and June being 85 degrees.
    - The quartiles show how regularly higher temperatures appear in June vs December with the 75% quartile only being at 74 degrees where as in June the 50% quartile is higher than that at 75 degrees.
## Summary
The results show, as probably expected, that June would like be a much more profitable month for the surf and ice cream shop. With 50% of days having 75 degree temperatures or higher in June, December still shows some profitability in terms of fair temperatures with 50% of the data being at 71 degrees or higher. While still 75% of the days are below 74 degrees in December there are still many warm days. All in all the temperature data shows promise year around from a statistical standpoint. To better understand the temperature and weathers effect on business I would recommend querying the data for the average temperature across each month and comparing the data. There could very well be months between June and December where profits could slip due to temperature or precipitation. On that note, querying the data for precipitation for June and December is very important as well because while the temperature might hold up in December, high precipitation could end up ruining business.